Adds Client Helpers (#2093)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: docs/helpers.asciidoc

[[Helpers]]
== Client Helpers

> The Elasticsearch Ruby client includes some useful helpers for a more comfortable experience with some APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {es} Ruby client includes some useful helpers for a more comfortable experience with some APIs.
```

=== Bulk Helper

> This helper aims to provide a nicer developer experience when using the Bulk API. At its simplest, you can send it a collection of Hashes in an Array, and it will bulk ingest them into Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helper provides a better developer experience when using the Bulk API. At its simplest, you can send it a collection of hashes in an array, and it will bulk ingest them into {es}.
```

To use the BulkHelper, you need to require it in your code:

[source,ruby]
----
require 'elasticsearch/helpers/bulk_helper'
----

> You need to instantiate a BulkHelper with a client, and an index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instantiate a BulkHelper with a client, and an index:
```

[source,ruby]
----
client = Elasticsearch::Client.new
bulk_helper = Elasticsearch::Helpers::BulkHelper.new(client, index)
----

> This helper will work on the index you pass in during initialization, but you can change the index any time in your code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helper works on the index you pass in during initialization, but you can change the index at any time in your code:
```

[source,ruby]
----
bulk_helper.index = 'new_index'
----

> If you want to index a collection of documents, you can use the `ingest` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to index a collection of documents, use the `ingest` method:
```

[source,ruby]
----
documents = [
  { name: 'document1', date: '2024-05-16' },
  { name: 'document2', date: '2023-12-19' },
  { name: 'document3', date: '2024-07-07' }
]
bulk_helper.ingest(documents)
----

> If you're ingesting a large set of data and want to separate the documents into smaller pieces before sending them to Elasticsearch, you can use the `slice` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're ingesting a large set of data and want to separate the documents into smaller pieces before sending them to {es}, use the `slice` parameter.
```

[source,ruby]
----
bulk_helper.ingest(documents, { slice: 2 })
----

This way the data will be sent in two different bulk requests.

> You can also send the parameters you would send to the Bulk API in the query parameters or body. The method signature is `ingest(docs, params = {}, body = {}, &block)`. The method can be called with a block, that will yield the response object from calling the Bulk API and the documents sent in the request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also include the parameters you would send to the Bulk API either in the query parameters or in the request body. The method signature is `ingest(docs, params = {}, body = {}, &block)`. Additionally, the method can be called with a block, that will provide access to the response object received from calling the Bulk API and the documents sent in the request:
```

[source,ruby]
----
helper.ingest(documents) { |_, docs| puts "Ingested #{docs.count} documents" }
----

=== Scroll Helper

This helper provides an easy way to get results from a Scroll.

> To use the ScrollHelper, you need to require it in your code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the ScrollHelper, require it in your code:
```

[source,ruby]
----
require 'elasticsearch/helpers/scroll_helper'
----

> You need to instantiate a ScrollHelper with a client, an index, and a body (with the scroll API parameters) which will be used in every following scroll request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instantiate a ScrollHelper with a client, an index, and a body (with the scroll API parameters) which will be used in every following scroll request:
```

[source,ruby]
----
client = Elasticsearch::Client.new
scroll_helper = Elasticsearch::Helpers::ScrollHelper.new(client, index, body)
----

There are two ways to get the results from a scroll using the helper.

> You can iterate over a scroll using the methods in `Enumerable` such as `each` and `map`:
> 
> [source,ruby]
> ----
> scroll_helper.each do |item|
>   puts item
> end
> ----
> 
> You can fetch results by page, with the `results` function:
> 
> [source,ruby]
> ----
> my_documents = []
> while !(documents = scroll_helper.results).empty?
>   my_documents << documents
> end
> scroll_helper.clear
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can iterate over a scroll using the methods in `Enumerable` such as `each` and `map`:
+
--
[source,ruby]
----
scroll_helper.each do |item|
  puts item
end
----
--
2. You can fetch results by page, with the `results` function:
+
--
[source,ruby]
----
my_documents = []
while !(documents = scroll_helper.results).empty?
  my_documents << documents
end
scroll_helper.clear
----
--
```

Reviewer: I just suggested adding a numbered list here, which is a bit tricky in asciidoc.
